************************
** Crypto Workstation **
************************

This document gives the system requirements for the Crypto Workstation (CW)
and provides installation, startup, and shutdown instructions.

System Requirements: The Personal Computer (PC) on which the CW is to run (a
Microsoft Windows compatible computer) must have at least two external media
devices, one of which must be bootable.  The preferred configuration consists
of two CD/DVD players, one bootable.  A suitable configuration consists of a
bootable USB device with a CD/DVD drive for writing files to external media.
A suitable but less desirable configuration consists of a bootable CD/DVD
drive with an unbootable USB device for writing files to external media.

The CW is delivered on bootable media such as CD or DVD, or perhaps even USB
drive. (If your CW is an ISO file, read the companion document
HOWTO-BURN-BOOTABLE-ISO.txt for instructions on how to burn it to bootable
media.)  To install and start the CW, put the bootable media into the PC and
reboot the computer.  The boot process might take a while, depending on the
speed of your PC and that of its boot device.  During the boot process you
will see a blue screen with a centered white progress indicator, after which
you will see the final screen, the Desktop, of the CW.  In the lower
right-hand corner is a Firefox window that displays the contents of the
HOWTO.htm file on the Desktop, which contains instructions on how to proceed
with your intended tasks.

To shut down the CW, click on the pull-down menu at the top labeled "System" 
and then select "Shut Down ...".

----------------------------------------
Please send any comments or feedback to:
jeff.the.cook@gmail.com

Jeffrey V. Cook
27 September 2010
